Update and expand GameObject Creation feature module documentation (#885)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/modules/game-object-creation/custom-usage.md

> # Custom spawning logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set up custom spawning
```

keep it the same format as the other page

The Game Object Creation Feature Module offers you a simple way to customize how GameObjects are created. You must:

1. Implement a class which inherits from the `IEntityGameObjectCreator` interface.
2. Tell the GDK to use this implementation.

> ## Implementing the `IEntityGameObjectCreator` interface

Reviewer: nit: you use different verb forms (e.g. here "Implementing", somewhere else "Add"). We should standardize it where possible

Author: Agreed

> This interface contains two methods which each have invariants that must be respected.

Reviewer: should we mention which invariants they have?

Author: Its covered within the sections, implicitly

Author: I'd rather not duplicate the information and keep it local to the section where it most makes sense

Reviewer: in that case we shouldn't mention it at all. It's a slightly confusing transition from "there are invariants" to "here is an example implementation"

Author: Yeah sure can omit it instead

A good reference implementation of this interface can be found in the [`GameObjectCreatorFromMetadata`]({{urlRoot}}/api/game-object-creation/game-object-creator-from-metadata).

### OnEntityCreated

This method is called by the `GameObjectInitializationSystem` whenever a SpatialOS entity enters your view. 

> The system will give you an instance of a [`SpatialOSEntity`]({{urlRoot}}/api/game-object-creation/spatial-os-entity) class to represent the entity and an instance of the [`EntityGameObjectLinker`]({{urlRoot}}/api/subscriptions/entity-game-object-linker) class as parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system gives you an instance of a [`SpatialOSEntity`]({{urlRoot}}/api/game-object-creation/spatial-os-entity) class to represent the entity and an instance of the [`EntityGameObjectLinker`]({{urlRoot}}/api/subscriptions/entity-game-object-linker) class as parameters.
```

active voice :P

Author: Done

> > **Note:** You should not rely on the authority of any of the components on the SpatialOS entity to conditionally create a GameObject _or_ conditionally picking a GameObject to spawn. At the time this method is called, there is no guarantee that your worker has been delegated authority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** You should not rely on the authority of any of the components on the SpatialOS entity to conditionally create _or_ pick a GameObject to spawn. At the time this method is called, there is no guarantee that your worker has been delegated authority.
```

Author: Done

If you wish to create a GameObject to represent the SpatialOS entity, you must instantiate the GameObject yourself and call `EntityGameObjectLinker.LinkGameObjectToSpatialOSEntity` with the entity ID and that GameObject.

The `LinkGameObjectToSpatialOS` call has a third parameter: `params Type[] componentTypesToAdd`. These are the types of MonoBehaviour components that you want the linker to copy references onto the underlying ECS entity.

> **Note:** If you also want to use the Transform Synchronization module, you must copy the `UnityEngine.Transform` and the `UnityEngine.Rigidbody` MonoBehaviour components.

### OnEntityRemoved

This method is called by the `GameObjectInitializationSystem` whenever a SpatialOS entity leaves a view. It is called _after_ any linked GameObjects have been unlinked.

> The system will give you the entity ID of the SpatialOS entity that has left your view as a parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system gives you the entity ID of the SpatialOS entity that has left your view as a parameter.
```
